The best center for technological and social studies in the galaxy
Mayoral`s jacket
Mandalorianl´s main character
Baby Yoda´s babysitter
Obi Wan salutes you
Forests, mountains; home planet of Princess Leia and the House of Organa. Destroyed by the first Death Star as punishment for involvement in the Rebel Alliance and also as a demonstration of power.
Industrial planet located in the Core of the galaxy, with a strong culture of training pilots. Homeworld of Han Solo.
Rural planet and the former site of a Rebel base.
Desert planet and childhood home of Anakin Skywalker and Luke Skywalker. Location of Jabba the Hutt's palace.
Forest moon and base for the Rebel Alliance.
Forest planet and home of the Wookiees. Also the site of one of the final battles of the Clone Wars.
A gas planet with a thin layer of habitable atmosphere where Cloud City was located. The planet's gas layers were a source of rare tibanna gas which was harvested and refined at mining complexes like Cloud City.
Swamp planet and Yoda's residence after the fall of the Jedi.
Desolate ice planet and base for the Rebel Alliance.
Formerly habitable planet and the subject of legends due to its history of Mandalorian warriors.
Cosmopolitan urban world consisting of one planet-wide city. Governmental center of the Galactic Republic and later the Galactic Empire.
Forest moon that the second Death Star orbits. Inhabited by Ewoks. The location of the battle between the Rebel Alliance and the Empire leading to the destruction of the second Death Star.
Rocky desert planet where battle droids are manufactured, and the site of the opening battle of the Clone Wars. All life on the planet is presumed destroyed by the Empire in Star Wars Rebels, with two exceptions: Klik-Klak and his offspring.[50] Primary construction site of the first Death Star. Homewold of the Geonosians.
Remote ice planet where kyber crystals are mined.
Desolate Sith temple world and site of two major battles thousands of year apart: one involving the Scourge of Malachor, the other between Darth Maul, several Rebels, Darth Vader, and several Inquisitors.
Ocean planet, home to the Mon Calamari and Quarren species. Also known as Mon Calamari, or Dac.
An originally lush and forested planet that becomes volcanic and almost lifeless during an ancient battle. Anakin Skywalker wages one of the final battles of the Clone Wars there before he is permanently scarred in a battle with Obi-Wan.
Home planet of the Gungans, including Darth Jar-Jar Binks, and various humans, who compose a civilization called the Naboo, which includes Padmé Amidala and Emperor Palpatine.
A planet in the Outer Rim Territories. Homeworld of Count Dooku.